4-15-2024
Meeting from 7:00-7:24
Topics Discussed:
	-Anyone having difficulties?
		-Email system still being a point of issue.
		-Works arounds if the email system does not work.
	-Current Work
		-Welcome message or login warning 
		-Sorting implementation began
		-Create todos should be merged and finished soon
	-Design of the homepage 
	-Scheduled meeting with TA for tomorrow at 6.
	-Created Goals for Week
		-Create todos merged and check if it works 
		-Finish sorting system 
		-Ideas for non-email based sorting system
		-Make sure the website representation of displaying user's todos is functional
		
